product version GP (#10156)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/client-management/mdm/policy-csp-update.md

[Scope](./policy-configuration-service-provider.md#policy-scope):

> [!div class = "checklist"]
> * Device

<hr/>

<!--/Scope-->
<!--Description-->
Available in Windows 10, version 2004 and later. Enables IT administrators to specify which product they would like their device(s) to move to and/or stay on until they reach end of service or reconfigure the policy to target a new product. 

If no product is specified, the device will continue receiving newer versions of the Windows product it is currently on. For details about different Windows 10 versions, see [release information](/windows/release-health/release-information).

<!--/Description-->
<!--ADMXMapped-->
ADMX Info:  
-   GP Friendly name: *Select the target Feature Update version*
-   GP name: *TargetReleaseVersion*
-   GP element: *ProductVersion*
-   GP path: *Windows Components/Windows Update/Windows Update for Business*
-   GP ADMX file name: *WindowsUpdate.admx*

<!--/ADMXMapped-->
<!--SupportedValues-->
Value type is a string containing a Windows product, for example, “Windows 11” or “11” or “Windows 10”.
<!--/SupportedValues-->
<!--Example-->

<!--/Example-->
<!--Validation-->

<!--/Validation-->
<!--/Policy-->

> By using this Windows Update for Business policy to upgrade devices to a new product (ex. Windows 11) you are agreeing that when applying this operating system to a device either 
> (1) The applicable Windows license was purchased though volume licensing, or 
> (2) That you are authorized to bind your organization and are accepting on its behalf the relevant Microsoft Software License Terms to be found here: (https://www.microsoft.com/Useterms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using this Windows Update for Business policy to upgrade devices to a new product (for example, Windows 11) you are agreeing that when applying this operating system to a device, either:

1. The applicable Windows license was purchased through volume licensing, or

2. That you are authorized to bind your organization and are accepting on its behalf the relevant Microsoft Software License Terms to be found here: (https://www.microsoft.com/Useterms).
```
